#summary Description of .linuxtrack file

= Introduction =

Linuxtrack saves its preferences in file '.linuxtrack', that is located in your home directory. 

Here is an example of this file:
{{{
#Global section should contain global settings (eg. Capture device type)
[Global]
Input = TrackIR4
#Input = Webcamera
#Input = Wii
Model = Cap
#Comment previous and uncomment this if you use Clip...
#Note that clip disables the TIR4 IR Illuminator LEDS
#Model-type = Clip


[Cap]
Model-type = Cap
Cap-X = 70
Cap-Y = 50
Cap-Z = 92.5
Head-Y = 100
Head-Z = 90

[Clip]
Model-type = Clip
Clip-Y1 = 40
Clip-Y2 = 110
Clip-Z1 = 30
Clip-Z2 = 50
#Change sign of Head-X, if your clip is on the right side
Head-X = -100
Head-Y = -100
Head-Z = 50

[TrackIR4]
Capture-device = Tir4
Capture-device-id = Track IR 4

[Webcamera]
Capture-device = Webcam
Capture-device-id = Live! Cam Optia
Resolution = 640 x 480
Pixel-format = YUYV
Fps = 30/1
Threshold = 150
Max-blob = 200
Min-blob = 10

[Wii]
Capture-device = Wiimote
Capture-device-id = Wiimote

[Default]
Filter-factor = 5
Pitch-multiplier = 3.0
Yaw-multiplier = 3.0
Roll-multiplier = 3.0
Xtranslation-multiplier = 3.0
Ytranslation-multiplier = 3.0
Ztranslation-multiplier = 3.0

[XPlane]
Freeze-button = 3
Recenter-button = 4

}}}
= Details =

= Global section =
This section should always be in the file and it should be the first one...
It should contain 2 entries:
  * *Input = ...* - specifies name of section containing informations concerning input device. 
  * *Model = ...* - specifies name of section containing informations concerning used model.

= Device info =
This section, which name is specified in section Global, item Input contains informations on tracking device.
For the moment three devices are supported: TrackIR4, Wiimote and Webcam (V4L2).
This section contains following items:
  * *Capture-device = ...* - specifies type of device. Valid options are 'TIR4', 'Wiimote' and 'Webcam'.
  * *Capture-device-id = ...* - specifies device id (currently used only for Webcams to allow user to have several webcms attached at once - eg. laptop with built-in crappy one and attached better one for tracking).

The rest of options is to be used just by webcam interface:
  * *Resolution = ... x ...* - specifies resolution to be used 
  * *Pixel-format = YUYV* - right now the only supported format
  * *Fps = ../1* - frames per second - make sure webcam can do what you ask from it!
  * *Threshold = ...* value from 0 to 255 used to threshold image to get just three brigh spots on dark background.
  * *Max-blob = ...* If number of pixels in the bright spot goes over this number, the spot is considered not valid. 
  * *Min-blob = ...* Bright spot with less than this number of pixels is not valid.

= Model info =
This section describes model that tracker tracks...
Highest model point is the reference.
First item specifies type of model (al values are in millimeters):
  * *Model-type = ...* Type of model. Valid options are 'Cap' and 'Clip'.
If type is Cap, following items are present:
  * *Cap-X = ...* Distance between left and right LED/reflector.
  * *Cap-Y = ...* Vertical distance of line between left and right LED, and upper LED 
  * *Cap-Z = ...* Horizontal distance of line between left and right LED, and upper LED
  * *Head-Y = ...* Vertical distance between upper LED and point around which your head pitches/rolls. 
  * *Head-Z = ...* Horizontal distance between upper LED and point around which your head pitches/rolls. 
 
If the model is Clip, following items are present:
  * *Clip-Y1 = ...* Vertical distance between upper and middle LED
  * *Clip-Y2 = ...* Vertical distance between upper and lower LED
  * *Clip-Z1 = ...* Horizontal distance between upper and middle LED
  * *Clip-Z2 = ...* Horizontal distance between upper and lower LED
  * *Head-X = ...* Distance between center of your head and clip ()
  * *Head-Y = ...*
  * *Head-Z = ...*

