#summary Hall Of Fame

= Hall Of Fame =

*tulth* (x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for your help.. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't even try to support TrackIR.  

== Testers ==

*Bill* (sparker, x-plane.org forum) 
  Thank you Bill for all the time you spend testing linuxtrack and all the effort you invested to help us debugging and improving it...

*Chris* (xplaneuser, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for your support...

*Roman* (Adun, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for your help with TIR5 support. 

*Sandy Barbour* (x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for your advices when we moved to Macs...

*DanDaMan* (x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for your help solving "two years old" problem.

*Patrik* (pasu666, x-plane.org forum)

*Rejean* (rars_ca, x-plane.org forum)

*Carmine* (CMB, x-plane.org forum)

*Marc* (marcmec, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for helping us to polish the Mac side...



== Donors ==

*Michael* (Macmichael, x-plane.org forum)
  Thank you for lending us your brand new TrackIR5 - without you, TIR5 suport would take ages to finish.

*Markus* (markus1872, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for supporting the project!

*Marc* (marcmec, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for supporting the project!

*Nicola* (N_Altafini, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for supporting the project!

*Olivier* (chouchou2570, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for supporting the project!

*Greg* (Dradis, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for supporting the project!

*Eric* (ericinexile, x-plane.org forum)
  Thanks for supporting the project!