#summary Small description of used input devices

= Introduction =

Currently we are supporting three types of input devices.
  * Track IR 4/5
  * Wiimote
  * Webcam supporting UVC standard

If you own other version of Track IR or other suitable device and you'd like to contribute to out project, you're welcome.

= Track IR 4/5 =
This device is supported from the start of our project. Tulthix managed to understand the communication protocol and he wrote a driver for it using libusb (fully userspace).
Pros of this device are given by the fact that it is designed for motion tracking:
  * wide field of view
  * 120Hz framerate 
  * if you are using cap reflectors, you don't need any wires/batteries
  * automatic gain control
  * uses infra red
  * ease of use (almost plug and play)
  * low cpu usage

Cons:
  * infra red diodes in the tracker can become quite hot (lowers lifetime)
  * price - it is just high

= Wiimote =
Support for this device was contributed by Mr. Big. 

Pros:
  * bluetooth connection
  * ease of use (plug and play)
  * price
  * low cpu usage

Cons:
  * uses batteries
  * reportedly bluetooth can interfere with your wifi
  * There seems to be a problem on Mac - Wiimote connects only every other time. This is most probably caused by Wiimote that presents itself a HID device, but it doesn't work that way.

= Webcam =
Support for this devices is a bit controversial. There are lots of webcams, but lots of them aren't supported in linux at all, some of them work somehow and only a few work really well. Also buying a webcam that should work with linux doesn't guarantee that it will work thanks to frequent changes of hardware, firmware... Also even webcams, that are claimed to be UVC compatible often doesn't support the standart as whole.
Price of those better webcams is considerably higher than for example price of wiimote.
There is at least one feature the webcam needs to have to be usable in this kind of application and it is ability to turn off autoexposure (also automatic white balance, autofocus and other auto features).
Without it you can't get stable high framerate, which is a must in this application.
The only benefit you can get by using webcam is higher picture resolution.
So my reccomendation is following:
  * if you have a webcam and it works for you well, try it out... 
  * if you don't have webcam and you are feeling lucky, buy some, but be sure to consult some hardware compatibility list first...
  * otherwise - buy something else (wiimote or track ir).

Pros:
  * webcams can be cheapest
  * higher physical image resolutions 640x480@30Hz YUYV

Cons:
  * not guaranteed to work well, if at all
  * needs manual gain/brightness/gamma setting...
  * lower framerate
  * for some webcams you can't turn automatic exposure off


PS. I'm speaking from my own experience - I have 3 different webcams and only one works; given the fact, that wiimote has pretty much the same price as the one working, there is not much more to think of... And if someone is interested, the one working for me is Creative Live! Cam Optia (non AF model).