#summary Howto compile linuxtrack on Mac

= Current status =
Should be usable...
= Introduction =

Here are brief instructions that should help you to compile Linuxtrack on Mac OSX.

*Track IR 4 and 5 should be supported!*
(as I only have TIR4, TIR5 working is yet to be confirmed)

  # Download and compile libusb-1.0
  # Download XPlane SDK
  # Download and compile linuxtrack

The rest of the process is the same as on linux - you have to copy the plugin to your XPlane installation, download firmware (look at ReadmeFirst page), copy .linuxtrack  file to your home directory and finally customize it...

= Details =

== Download and compile libusb-1.0 ==
Go to http://sourceforge.net/projects/libusb/ and download libusb-1.0...

Open the terminal, unpack the archive and compile the library:

{{{
mkdir linuxtrack
cd linuxtrack
cp ~/Downloads/libusb-1.0.4.tar.bz2 .
tar xfj libusb-1.0.4.tar.bz2
cd libusb-1.0.4
./configure --prefix=/Users/michal/linuxtrack/libusb
make
make install
}}} 

Remarks:
 * We assume you are going to use /Users/michal/linuxtarck directory for plugin staff, change paths accordingly...
 * If the system didn't unpack the archive for you, change the 'xf' options in tar command to 'xfz' for *.gz, or 'xfj' for *.bz2 archive.

== Download XPlane SDK ==
Go to http://www.xsquawkbox.net/xpsdk/mediawiki/Download and download XPlane SDK (I use older 1.0.2, but 2.0 version should work too). 

Just unpack it to the '~/linuxtrack' directory.

Now ~/linuxtrack contains two subdirs - 'libusb' and 'SDK'.

== Download and compile linuxtrack ==
Checkout linuxtrack source and compile it:

{{{
cd ~/linuxtrack
svn checkout http://linux-track.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ linux-track-read-only
cd linux-track-read-only
export CFLAGS=-I/Users/michal/linuxtrack/libusb/include
export LDFLAGS=-L/Users/michal/linuxtrack/libusb/lib
./configure --disable-dependency-tracking
make
}}}

Remarks:
 * Be sure to adjust CFLAGS and LDFLAGS accordingly and use absolute paths!

== Download firmware ==
Download firmware files from http://media.naturalpoint.com/software/external/bulk_config_data.tar.gz and unpack them to a directory of your choice. Later on, when editing .linuxtrack, uncomment Store-directory option and specify your path there.

== Final touches ==
Go to linux-track-read-only/src and copy .linuxtrack file to your home directory. Then edit the file (there is a wikipage on the subject) to suit you.

Finally copy xlinuxtrack.xpl file to your XPlane install directory - exactly to Resources/plugins directory.