#summary Short summary of things to get newcommers quickly up and going

= Introduction =

Here is short walk-through made by Bill that should help you to get linuxtrack up and going.

= Details =

= Using SVN to get linuxtrack =
  * You are going to need svn installed, if you don't have it, you need to install it (on Ubuntu use Synaptic Package Manager, other distros have different packaging systems)
  * make a directory in your home to hold two subdirectories (I called mine XLinuxTracker but could be anything)
  * download XPlane SDK (http://www.xsquawkbox.net/xpsdk/mediawiki/Main_Page) and put it into that directory
  * start up your terminal and cd to the directory you made
  * use the following command to download all the files you need (this will get the latest version)
{{{
svn co http://linux-track.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ linux-track-read-only
}}}

  If you wanted to use older revision, e.g. revision 84, use 
{{{
svn co http://linux-track.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ linux-track-read-only_84 -r84
}}}

 * You will now have two subdirectories - SDK and linux-track-read-only
 * Now get to the business:
{{{
cd linux-track-read-only
./configure
make
}}}
 Be sure to check after configure is run if there aren't any errors. It is possible that you'll have to install cwiid and libusb libraries (also development packages for those libraries!)
 If all goes well you will find the following files in the linux-track-read-only/src 
  subdirectory: 'xlinuxtrack.xpl' and '.linuxtrack'

  * xlinuxtrack.xpl goes in X-Plane/Resources/plugins directory
  * .linuxtrack (which is hidden normaly) goes in your home directory.
  Edit its contents (for the moment there is no GUI that would do it for you, but it is comming soon...) to fill in type of model you use (clip or cap), dimmensions of your model, device you are going to use (tir, wiimote, webcam) and possibly few other parameters... * TODO - elaborate *
  * Another file that you will need is 'bulk_config_data.bin'
  this can be found from Natural Point at
{{{
http://media.naturalpoint.com/software/external/bulk_config_data.tgz
}}}
  Unpack it to your X-Plane directory.

  * I am using a Tracker 4 Pro and needed a rule to make my Ubuntu 9.04 work.
  (otherwise you need to run X-Plane as root, which is very bad thing).
  I named the rule 51-TIR4.rules and put it in my /lib/udev/rules.d folder.

  This was because in the 50-udev-default.rules file there is a rule setting all usb devices to a lower permision then what we need to get the tracker to work.  

  In it is the following line.
{{{
SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ENV{DEVTYPE}=="usb_device",SYSFS{idVendor}=="131d" , SYSFS{idProduct}=="0156", MODE="0666"
}}}

  * Now when you run X-Plane, by pressing F8 you should be able to move you simulated head by moving your read head. In Plugins menu, there is linuxtrack item containing setup window. Use it to adjust sensitivities of different axes and possibly map functions to joystick buttons. When done, save prefs and enjoy!

  * When things go wrong, try running X-Plane from terminal and check messages you see there. Also check log.txt (all lowercase!) that resides in your X-Plane directory.
  In case of crash, try running X-Plane from gdb (debugger) and make it crash again. When it does, make backtrace log and send it to us - it will help us to find what went wrong and hopefully to correct it. * TODO - elaborate on backtrace *